So now let's talk about AWS Artifacts,
which is not really a service
but it is presented as one in the consult.
So what is it?
It is a portal that will give you the customer access
on demand to the compliance reports
and AWS agreements.
So these artifact reports can be downloaded
and they represent a security
and compliance documents from third party auditors,
such as the alias ISO certifications,
the payment card industry.
So PCI reports and the SOC reports.
There's also artifacts agreements
which is allowing you to review,
accept and track the status of alias arguments
such as the BAA agreements
or the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act,
which is HIPAA, we'll see this maybe in exempt,
for an individual accounts or in your organization.
And so these reports can be used
to support internal audits capabilities within your company
or complaints needs to show
that your compliance by using the AWS cloud.
So if you go into artifacts for AWS,
as we can see this is a global service
and we can get some of the artifacts.
We can view the reports or view the agreements.
So if I click on the reports,
I can see 61 reports right now that I can download.
For example, I can say,
I really want you to get this report right now.
I'm going to download it,
and I say, okay, I accept the NDA
and then I download this report and here I am,
I have a report that I can use for compliance internally
or also I can go into agreements
and find different agreements.
For example, three account agreements
and we don't have any organization agreements.
So I can take one of these agreements.
For example, this one, the BAA agreements
accept the agreements and then download it,
I scroll down, I accept it and then I download it.
So it's very, very simple.
It's not really a service.
It's a way for you to download compliance documents,
I just want to show you once
and then you have to remember it
and that will be it for this lecture.
I will see you in the next lecture.